Fundamentals Part 5: Add a reminder on how to work with Node.js (#24123)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/javascript_basics/fundamentals-5.md

- getTheTitles
- findTheOldest

> Don't remember how to do them? No worries! [Here](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-fundamentals-part-4#practice) you have a refresher on how to work with Node.js

Reviewer: I feel the term "how to do them" might be vague and misleading, as they might imply that the subsequent link takes them to the solution. This is just how I interpret it. We could be more specific about how we word this sentence. Furthermore, "Here" is not an adequate link text for accessibility reasons. 

I have a suggested change below, feel free to edit wherever you think is needed.
```suggestion
Don't remember how to setup and test the exercises? No worries! Check out the [Fundamentals Part 4 lesson](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-fundamentals-part-4#practice) for a refresher.
```

Author: I think this is perfect. I was looking for someone to correct me because I was sure I was missing something, but I just couldn't see it.
I totally agree with the wording!

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn’t required, so consider it supplemental.

> *   It looks like this lesson doesn't have any additional resources yet. Help us expand this section by contributing to our curriculum.

Reviewer: > I don't know why does it show as changed if I didn't change anything about that

Yeah, this sometimes show up when there's no newline at the end of the file. So that it does not occur in the future, we can fix this by just adding an empty line at the end of the file. Feel free to make this change if you can!

Author: Sure! Thanks for the explanation.

Author: It looks like it already had a newline. Strange.

Reviewer: By a newline, I mean an empty line after line 55. Currently, line 55 is the last line of the file, we should have an empty line at the end of the file i.e line 56. I've attached a screenshot below where it can be seen that line 55 is the last.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85733202/168628587-c60d8f24-64b3-486f-b924-0ec6326ff438.png)

Reviewer: Strange. We don't have a newline at the end of this file. And I can't see the newline on your branch as well. You can run `git log -p` command to check if you actually committed and pushed a commit with a newline. Try that, if it works, then great. Otherwise, I can add a newline myself and merge this pull request.

Thanks for bearing with me.
